
# Semi-supervised Learning for identification of informative COVID-19 Tweets

### Guidance
This project was developed entirely on Google Colab using Python 3.7. 
To run on Google Colab, you just need to upload all the files to your own Google Drive and select Google Colab as the way to open ipynb files.
To run on a local machine, you need to have at least one GPU with the same performance of NVIDIA Tesla T4 
and install all the packages which is listed in the requirements.txt via using pip.

The file tree is as follows:
```
UoB_NLP_Project
├─ ALBERT_large_v2.ipynb
├─ BERT_large_cased.ipynb
├─ BertvizForPaper.ipynb
├─ COVID_Twitter_BERT_v2.ipynb
├─ Dataset
│    ├─ test.tsv
│    ├─ train.tsv
│    ├─ unlabeled_test_with_noise.tsv
│    └─ valid.tsv
├─ Dataset_Preprocessing.ipynb
├─ Dataset_preprocessed
│    ├─ test_preprocessed.tsv
│    ├─ train_preprocessed.tsv
│    ├─ unlabeled_test_with_noise_preprocessed.tsv
│    └─ valid_preprocessed.tsv
├─ Machine_Learning_Models.ipynb
├─ README.md
├─ RoBERTa_large.ipynb
├─ Semi_Voting_Results
│    ├─ semi_KNN_probablity.tsv
│    ├─ semi_LR_probablity.tsv
│    ├─ semi_ML_results.tsv
│    ├─ semi_ML_soft_voting_confidence.tsv
│    ├─ semi_NB_probablity.tsv
│    ├─ semi_RF_probablity.tsv
│    └─ semi_SVM_probablity.tsv
└─ requirements.txt
```
This is not the entire project, 
there are two large folders(BERT_Models, BERT_Semi_Models) that need to be trained by yourself. BERT_Models, BERT_Semi_Models are two folders that store the four BERT models obtained 
under supervised and semi-supervised training respectively. 

Please keep the same folder name and structure after unzipping.

It is recommended that the ipynb files be checked in the following order, 
which is also the order in which the project was completed:

1. Dataset_Preprocessing.ipynb
2. Machine_Learning_Models.ipynb
3. BERTvizForPaper.ipynb
4. BERT_large_cased.ipynb, RoBERTa_large.ipynb, ALBERT_large_v2.ipynb, COVID_Twitter_BERT_v2.ipynb

The python code structure is identical for all four BERT ipynb files, except that different model names are set. 
They can be distinguished by the filenames. BERTvizForPaper.ipynb is only for visualising attention layers of BERT.

The Dataset folder contains four original datasets TSV files and 
Dataset_preprocessed folder contains four pre-processed datasets TSV files 
which are generated by running Dataset_Preprocessing.ipynb.

The Semi_Voting_Results folder contains TSV files that are generated by running Machine_Learning_Models.ipynb
They are statistical files for the purpose of calculating the results of the semi-supervised voting classifier.

